Add tutorial section for documentation (#6213)
holoviz/panel: doc/tutorials/beginner/pn_panel.md

)
print(component)

component.servable()
```

## Display any Python object in a layout

Run the code below

```{pyodide}
import panel as pn

pn.extension()

component = pn.Column(
    {"a": [1,2,3], "b": "some text"},
    "https://assets.holoviz.org/panel/samples/png_sample.png",
    "https://assets.holoviz.org/panel/samples/beatboxing.mp3",
)
print(component)

component.servable()
```

:::{admonition} Note
When Python objects are given as an argument to a Panel [Layout](../../reference/index.md#layouts) like [`pn.Column`](../../reference/layouts/Column.md), then `pn.Column` will automatically apply `pn.panel` to the objects for you.
:::

Please notice that the image of the dice is very high. To finetune the way it is displayed we can use `pn.panel`.

Run the code below

```{pyodide}
import panel as pn

pn.extension()

component = pn.Column(
    {"a": [1,2,3], "b": "some text"},
    pn.panel("https://assets.holoviz.org/panel/samples/png_sample.png", height=100),
    pn.panel("https://assets.holoviz.org/panel/samples/beatboxing.mp3", styles={"background": "orange", "padding": "10px"}),
)
print(component)

component.servable()
```

## Consider Performance

:::{admonition} Note

> `pn.panel` is an easy to use and flexible **helper function** that will convert an object into a [*Pane*](../../reference/index.md#panes).
> 
> More specifically `pn.panel` resolves the appropriate *representation* for an object by checking all [*Pane*](../../reference/index.md#panes) object types available and then ranking them by priority. When passing a string (for instance) there are many representations, but the [`PNG`](../../reference/panes/PNG.md) pane takes precedence if the string is a valid URL or local file path ending in `.png`.
> 
> Resolving the appropriate *representation* for an object takes time. So if performance is key you should specify the specific type of Pane to use directly. I.e. use `pn.pane.Matplotlib(fig)` instead of `pn.panel(fig)`.

Reviewer: I think this can be slightly more concise.
```suggestion
`pn.panel` is a versatile helper function that converts objects into a [*Pane*](../../reference/index.md#panes). It automatically selects the best *representation* for an object based on available [*Pane*](../../reference/index.md#panes) types, ranking them by priority. 

For optimal performance, specify the desired Pane type directly, like `pn.pane.Matplotlib(fig)` instead of using `pn.panel(fig)`.
```

Author: thx. Applied
